Previously on "How to
Get Away with Murder"...
-Stanford.
-I'm applying to transfer.
And I want you
to come with me.
Laurel: [ Crying ] Annalise knew
that Sam got Lila pregnant.
So she had you kill her?
I don't know
what to believe anymore.
You believe
what makes you feel better.
Connor:
Philip e-mailed again.
-When was this?
-Last night.
My mother.
Annalise knew her.
Just tell me
what you saw that night.
I went into
the corner office and saw him --
Charles.
Annalise: She specifically asked
to testify anonymously.
Wes:
She didn't show.
I'll get her back.
Don't give your people
a bad name.
I don't know what he
will do if you don't
do what you promised.
You're just as bad
as them.
-Christophe:
Who was that?
-Go to bed!
I usually let myself in
after school.
But that day...
all I saw was blood.
There. Is it true?
Did Wes kill his mother?
[ Choking ]
She was the key witness in
the case, one of Annalise's.
It was a murder trial.
She needed the files,
which is why I went to Ohio,
but the records show that she
backed out of testifying.
Your mother or Annalise?
My mother.
She was a key witness.
That's why
they killed her.
Laurel: There.
Did Wes kill his mother?
Has Wes seen this?
No.
It's true, then?
He...
Of course not.
Some idiot wrote that down
after looking at the crime scene
for five minutes.
Now you're nervous
Wes will see it,
which means it's true.
Enough.
You've worked with me too long
to make these assumptions.
He could've seen this.
It would destroy him.
You know that.
Well, it's a good thing you
stopped that from happening.
Why let him get
near it, though?
You're the one
who made him go to Ohio.
Because you gave him
that file.
Why? So that he could go
on a treasure hunt
and find out his mother
was killed?
Sounds crazy,
I know, but --
"Crazy" is not a word we use
lightly around here.
[ Sighs ] I'm just saying
I know how it sounds.
It's why I came here.
I don't know how to talk
to anyone else about it.
You mean Annalise?
Yes.
But everyone else, too.
She died two days
after she failed to show up
to testify.
That's not a coincidence.
I agree, but I'm a therapist,
Wes, not the police.
Yeah, but you can help me
remember what happened.
Please.
I have no one else.
Annalise:
It was a suicide.
It was ruled a suicide,
and don't tell me I'm supposed
to believe that
after how much we proved
the police lie all the time.
Well, they didn't lie
about this.
You're just saying that
so I won't tell Wes,
and I won't, but at least tell
me why I shouldn't.
Because it's none
of your business.
Well, it is now.
Why?
Because now you're boyfriend
and girlfriend?
You used up Frank,
so now you're on to the next
piece of damaged goods?
The fact that you are
so angry right now
attacking me when I'm trying
to help you,
it just proves you are
hiding something.
Which is my right.
You're not Wes.
If he wants to ask me something,
he needs to do it himself.
He thinks you hate him!
Well, then he needs to man up
and get over it.
Melanie: Okay. Let's start
with what you do remember.
You say she was involved
with that trial,
so do you remember her ever
talking about it with anyone?
A friend or someone
on the phone maybe?
Pick a card.
Any card.
Mom?
-Now what?
-Give it here,
but make sure
I don't see it.
Now, I'm gonna guess
which card, and --
[ Knock on door ]
Christophe.
Don't answer that!
[ Door opens ]
Agent Holt:
Is your mother home?
Yes.
What is this?
I'm Agent Holt with Immigration
and Customs Enforcement.
Are you Rose Edmond?
[ Breathes deeply ]
[ Buzzer, door opens ]
[ Sniffs ]
[ Door closes ]
Ms. Edmond.
I'm the lawyer with ICE.
I'll be handling your case.
I've lived here
for years.
I don't cause any trouble.
I'm just a cleaning lady.
Well,
that's not all you are.
Let's get started with
your entrance into the U.S.
We have no record as to
when you entered or...
Hey, it's Wes.
You know what to do.
[ Beep ]
I don't care if you're not
talking to Annalise.
You need to get over here.
I can't say why over the phone,
but it involves Philip, so...
...call me back.
What?
We need to talk.
You mean you do?
[ Door closes ]
You said you wanted to know me,
even the bad things.
Because I never thought
you'd admit
to killing a pregnant
sorority girl.
Hey.
Everything that has happened,
Sam dying,
whatever it is that happened
to Rebecca,
although something tells me
you killed her, too.
I didn't.
Great.
There's one thing
going for you --
if I can even
believe that.
Why would I lie
about that now?
Because you want me to ignore
what you did.
That's not what
I'm asking for.
Then why are we down here?
To find out if I told Annalise?
Well, I didn't.
Wes either, so does that help,
knowing your secret's safe?
Can I go now?
I'm so sorry.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Sighs ]
I don't believe you.
Annalise: There's not a day
that goes by
that I don't lie to my clients.
Call it unethical or illegal.
I just call it smart.
Connor: Shouldn't we at least
tell Nate?
Nate would want to get
the police involved.
I thought he was
the police.
Let me think, damn it.
Your job is to protect
your client at all costs,
from the prosecution
to the judge,
our failed justice system,
but mostly, you protect them
from themselves.
What about Caleb?
He's alone in that mansion
and he could --
So what?
You want to be the one
that tells him
we've been playing him
this whole time?
We took his money to find
Philip, and now we have,
in town and wanting
to kill everyone.
How do we know
he's dangerous?
Asher: He tied up and tortured
the Hapstalls
before he killed them.
That means he's pretty much
a sociopath.
Psychopath.
They're the ones that get off
on violence.
Everyone stop talking.
Annalise:
Clients are some of the most
stupid people you'll ever meet.
You give them too much
information,
they'll act on it,
and always in a way
that bones you.
[ Computer chimes ]
Connor: Here we go.
Asher: Please tell me
that's a reminder
to take your
sex-with-Oliver pill.
Nope.
It's from our bestie.
Oh, my God.
When was this?
This morning!
I was just trying
to be there for him.
You know, keep
your enemies close. [ Sighs ]
He was watching me.
Everybody relax.
This is just him
trying to freak us out.
Yeah, well,
it's working, isn't it?
We're not safe anymore.
Asher: I am.
I-I've never met him,
and I've never been
in any of his videos.
Maybe we can use that.
I'm like a safe house.
We're all fine as long
as we're all together.
Connor: Yeah, until he throws
a pipe bomb through the window
and blows us all up.
Here.
Give it to me.
What?
No!
No one can see this.
I'm not playing
with our lives anymore.
Give me the damn computer!
Annalise Keating.
What can I help you with?
Philip Jessup.
[ Door closes ]
Wish I had something.
Look at that.
Now you do.
He's been watching us,
me and my students,
which means that my life
as well as theirs are in danger.
The FBI has a search out
for Philip Jessup in Canada.
Now you're telling me he's been
in town this whole time?
What's on this laptop
will prove that,
as well as provide evidence
that could help them locate him.
What do you want?
Blanket immunity to cover me
and my associates
for anything related to the
night Emily Sinclair died.
Why would you need immunity
for that night?
In case you misunderstand
the evidence on this laptop.
I put Catherine Hapstall away
for that murder
based largely
on your testimony.
No, based largely
on her confession.
Okay.
Whatever game this is
you're trying to rope me into
based solely on your word --
Then don't believe me.
Wait!
[ Knock on door ]
[ Sighs ]
Sleepyhead.
I called you like five times.
I was working.
I'm just teasing.
Any luck with Rose?
We're all good there.
Just take the day off.
Really?
Yeah. Go to a bar, get laid.
Just leave me be.
Finally.
Did you eat?
I was just ordering
room service.
I, uh,
fly all the way here.
I was kind of hoping
we could do something better
than overpriced
hotel food.
It's on the client.
Right.
Big spenders, I see.
Yes, I'd like the Cobb salad
and Earl Grey tea, and, uh...
Same.
Two of each.
Oh, and a bottle
of Riesling.
Your best.
Thank you.
I feel like the devil.
Did it work?
She's thinking about it.
She'll say yes.
My point is I might
have to go to church
so I can atone
for my sins.
Mm. You have to believe in God
for that.
Or maybe you do now.
Oh. Please.
Wow, you haven't
aged at all.
[ Chuckles ]
That's because you just saw me.
It was three years ago,
Annalise.
Yeah.
I like the braids.
You still don't know how
to take a compliment.
Eve.
What?
Please tell me
you just got fat.
Melanie: Annalise.
Why can't you just ask her
these questions?
I'm not here about Annalise.
I'm here about my mother.
See, those two people,
though.
Your relationship
with Annalise,
from what I can tell,
is very muddy
and in some ways
feels maternal.
No.
You're saying that, not me.
Or there's something
you're scared to tell me.
You study the law.
You know anything you say here
is protected.
Unless I'm gonna do harm to
myself or someone else.
What does that mean?
You're right.
I should just talk to the police
about this, not you.
I'm sorry for wasting
your time.
Wes.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Michaela: [ Sighs ]
I want to see you, too.
Caleb?
Uh...dinner
at your place?
Caleb: Yeah.
Be there at 8:00.
I'll have dinner waiting...
and dessert.
Uh, are you sure
that's a good idea?
-Yeah, why wouldn't it be?
-No reason.
It's just,
I was thinking...
maybe you should stay
somewhere else for a little
in case Philip came back.
No! Abort! Abort!
What does that mean?
Did Annalise
find something?
No, of course not.
Uh, Annalise just got here,
and she needs me,
so, talk later.
Way to resist
the magical penis.
It is magical --
and pretty.
Asher: Okay, not everyone wants
to hear about that.
Why hasn't she called yet?
No news is good news.
Since when?
[ Cellphone rings ]
See?
That's her.
How'd it go?
He's getting approval
right now.
She's waiting on approval.
-Approval from who?
-Why is it taking so long?
Tell them to relax.
You think that ever works?
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Hold on.
Hi.
You at the D.A.'s office
right now?
How do you know that?
We just got a call
about being ready
to serve a search warrant
on your house
for evidence
about Sinclair.
I'm here about Philip.
They've given me immunity.
No, they're playing you,
Annalise.
[ Door opens ]
You are in luck.
The D.A. is open to granting
the immunity deal.
How generous.
I just need to get
some routine information
to fill in the blanks.
Who are you calling?
Bonnie, it's me.
Did you hear back
from Denver?
I'm sitting with him now.
Turns out when I say
"immunity deal,"
he hears
"search warrant."
The cops are coming
to raid the house.
What are you doing?!
They'll be there soon,
so here's what you do.
Shred everything.
You're asking us
to shred files
while you're in front
of the A.D.A.?
That's right.
Oh, God.
For the record, I thought
that this was a bad idea.
Put it down.
So, we do nothing.
Exactly.
Burn it all down.
Destruction of evidence
before a valid premise search
is a felony.
There is no felony
if there's no proof,
and I'm guessing
we have time
since you don't have the judge's
signature on the warrant yet.
The judge hasn't signed
the warrant.
Find the judge on duty for
emergency search warrants.
We got the po-po out front.
Judge Hamilton is on call
for warrants.
Who's his clerk?
Connor:
This is Troy Williams.
I am calling from
Judge Hamilton's office.
Yep, he just signed
the warrant.
Your, uh, your team should have
a copy any minute.
Thank you.
[ Phone rings ]
Yes.
Is it signed?
Good.
Go in the house now.
And I want evidence of any
tampering, any obstruction.
We got a signed
search warrant
gives us immediate access
to these premises.
-Where's our copy?
-On the way.
You want to play tough guy,
or you gonna
let me do my job?
Bonnie: Is this Troy?
I'm here at
Annalise Keating's office
where the police are executing
a search warrant.
I was hoping we could get
verbal confirmation
on the judge's approval
on this.
Oh, the judge didn't sign off
on any warrant?
Your Honor, I was assured
we had your signature. I --
No, no, of course not.
I --
Y-Yes, sir, I underst--
Everything in that house turned
into fruit of the poisonous tree
the second your officers
entered it illegally.
[ Hangs up phone ]
So, you've got
two options.
Either I sue your ass
for abuse of authority...
or you give me immunity
and get the evidence you want
from this computer.
Want one?
Right.
Just the first item
on a long list
of things
you can't do now.
I should've told you.
Yep. [ Sighs ]
I keep thinking something bad
will happen.
So, why bother you
with the news
if I'm only gonna
take it back later?
Nothing bad's
gonna happen.
You don't know that.
The size of that bump
tells me
it could fall out of here
right now
and live a long
and happy life.
Is it Sam's?
[ Scoffs ]
How am I supposed to know
with all the secrets you keep?
It's Sam's,
and it's a he.
A mini Sam.
Lovely.
Don't do that.
[ Cellphone rings ]
This is Annalise.
Wallace:
Tell me what your play is
after Immigration has shipped
our witness back to Haiti.
They're not shipping
her anywhere.
How do you know?
Because I'm the one
who put her in there.
-How'd you find out?
-Does it matter?
Reassure me.
She is gonna show up
this time, correct?
Well, clearly I'm doing
everything
I can to make that happen.
Good.
No need for me to keep
bothering, then.
[ Beep ]
Client?
Is something wrong?
No.
I'm out on a limb here, too,
Annalise.
Exactly. That's why
the less you know, the better.
Right.
That should be your motto.
[ Knock on door ]
[ Siren wails in distance ]
Why haven't you
called me back?
Okay. No.
No more of this,
especially not today.
What does that mean?
My message,
if you listened,
was that Philip is back
and he's stalking us.
You need to come
to Annalise's.
I can't go there.
Did you not hear me?
A serial killer
is on the loose!
And Annalise is the reason
my mom is dead.
That's not true.
You talked to her?
She asked me where we went,
so I told her --
You didn't have the right.
She'll tell you what you want
to know if you ask her.
She said that to my face.
Get out.
No, I didn't tell her anything
we found.
I trusted you.
Please, you just need
to talk to her.
Get out!
You are not safe here.
I'm not safe anywhere.
And definitely not
around you.
Get the hell out.
[ Knock on door ]
[ Munching ]
Hola, chica.
Welcome to mi safe-o casa.
Safe-a casa?
Guarida.
You made appetizers?
Yeah. It'd be a pretty lame
sleepover without pizza bites.
Michaela: Where's Wes?
He thinks
he's safe at home.
Uh, there's an opt-out button
for this little slumber party?
Nope, because
I didn't feel like
letting you
get murdered tonight.
Okay, Mr. Over-reacter.
He's not overreacting.
Philip's killed three people
in cold blood.
Allegedly.
Okay, let's stop debating
about why we're here
and instead enjoy
these tasty treats
that Asher's prepared
for us.
Yeah.
That's right, yo.
Let's hop on
the pizza bite train.
Toot toot!
Hey, Laurel,
you're the calm one here.
Do you think we're in actual
physical danger right now?
Do you think I would be sleeping
on a couch if I didn't?
Okay, maybe Stanford
is our best option.
Asher: Stanford?
What the hell does that have
to do with anything?
To the end,
however it comes first.
Philip's knife or the feds
throwing us in jail.
[ Glasses clink ]
[ Sighs ]
So, we gonna
talk about it?
You're here with me
rather than home
banging your girlfriend.
Yeah, she wanted to go
to a slumber party.
So, you two
aren't fighting?
Whatever.
When are you getting back
together with doucheface?
No, that...
[ Sighs ]
Let's not talk about them
tonight, okay?
We had lives
before we met them.
-Way better lives.
-Right?
Okay, maybe not way
better, but...
We weren't covered in blood,
at least.
To the end.
[ Glasses clink ]
[ Snoring ]
You're not gonna get in.
Stanford only takes,
like, 10 transfers a year,
and I know your ranking
can't be better than mine.
What's your ranking?
You first.
[ Sighs ]
96.
I win.
93.
Don't go.
What?
I can't survive here
all alone.
[ Sighs ]
Don't worry.
I won't get in.
Each one I win
Says I want more
More, more
You need to catch up.
You know you want to.
This is why I didn't want
to tell you.
I knew you'd do this.
-Do what?
-Judge me.
[ Chuckling ]
Oh, no, no, no.
Don't put that on me.
You're judging yourself
right now, and you know that.
Of course I am.
Which is why I don't need you
to do it, too.
What do you want from me?
Tell you you're glowing,
throw you a shower?
I'm terrified, and out of
everyone, you should get that.
Oh, I get that.
I-I do.
My question is, why do you need
me to talk about that
and not your husband?
You never met him.
You don't get to hate him.
I don't hate him.
I just think
he's unprofessional.
And yes, we all do
unethical things.
Us right now,
for example.
But it doesn't mean I have
to like the man.
Okay, well, that's fine.
Don't like him, but at least be
honest about the reason why.
Excuse me?
I left you
before I met him.
No, you went to therapy
with him because of us.
You give yourself
too much credit.
Fine, fine, it wasn't me.
It was the fact
that I had a vagina.
Oh, God,
this has got so boring!
Just say it, Annalise.
You didn't have the nerve
to tell me back then,
but I-I need you
to say it now.
Say what?
That you got scared.
That's why you left me.
No, I left you
because I'm not gay.
Bull.
All right?
I needed something in my life,
someone who loved me.
You did that,
and I loved you back.
But not in a way that either
of us deserved.
I don't even know
what that means.
It means you live your life,
I live mine, straight or gay,
whatever you want
to call it.
I am gay.
That's -- that's what I call it.
All right.
And so do the women
I've happily been with
since you ran away like
some scared little girl!
Okay, then we both moved on --
good for us.
Stop blaming me
for your loneliness.
You don't know me at all.
I know you never
forgave me.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
That's [clears throat] me.
[ Sniffs ]
Hello?
All right.
I'll be right there.
[ Sniffs ]
Rose asked to see me.
You sit there, say you can help
me if I do what you want.
But what about
when I tell them
what you are threatening
me with?
Destroying my life,
my son's life
because Annalise
has asked you to.
Your son's a citizen,
Rose.
He gets to stay here
if he wants to.
The same rules don't apply
for you, unfortunately.
I will do it.
Good. I'll have you transported
to the courthouse tomorrow.
No. I go home tonight.
No, I can't --
My son has been waiting outside.
He knows nothing.
So, think about what all of this
is doing to him.
Let me take him home.
[ Buzzer ]
Mom!
Are they gonna take you?
No.
Mommy fix it.
No more problems.
Annalise. Why can't you just
ask her these questions?
We're not flying to Ohio
when I can just ask Annalise.
Laurel: She doesn't want
to see you.
I think you ruined me.
Get out.
Hello?
It's Wes.
You there?
What?
Thank you
for letting me stay.
Stop it.
Oh, could've stayed
at a hotel.
But you want a professional
to protect you.
[ Chuckles ]
I know.
I do got a bone to pick
with you.
Oh.
You should've called the minute
he sent that video of us.
You would've had
the SWAT team
standing guard
outside my house.
So you'd rather just have the
D.A.'s office come after you?
I have immunity.
Let's hope.
I shouldn't complain.
It's nice to have another body
to keep me warm.
Another body?
Sorry.
Another beautiful,
brilliant body.
Besides, if anyone is the body
here, it's you.
[ Laughs ]
[ Gagging ]
This doesn't
prove anything.
Your students were
at the crime scene
the night my A.D.A.
was murdered.
There's no time stamp
on the video.
Who knows
what night it was?
Why were they running
from the house?
I'm not a detective.
Use these e-mails
to find Philip.
Make a name for yourself.
This could still be
a win for you.
He might have more footage,
Annalise,
none of which will be covered
by your immunity.
So who knows, huh?
Maybe we'll get
to see the rest
of what happened that night
real soon.
You should be a writer.
You're good at
making up stories.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Holy schnikeys.
Philip just sent an e-mail.
Look.
Oh, my God,
is that last night?
I stayed up all night.
It couldn't be.
You just got punk'd!
[ Laughs ]
[ Door closes ]
I hate you!
You should've seen
your face.
You were like, "Ooh."
-Is everyone here?
-Did they find Philip?
No, but we've got immunity --
if we all keep quiet.
Now, they're gonna come after me
and each of you...
ask questions,
play to your weaknesses,
but it won't work as long
as everyone in this room
keeps their mouth shut.
That means no one talks
to their priest,
their sex buddies, boyfriends,
hookers, no one.
That speech would work
if we were all here.
Enough about your boyfriend.
Wes, this is
an initial report.
Later they ruled it
a suicide.
Peritraumatic
dissociation.
In the aftermath
of a traumatic event,
people can get amnesia.
That is true, but --
I remember standing over her
holding the knife.
A false memory
you might have created
to make sense
of this report.
Or I'm remembering it
exactly right.
Then look at
the facts, Wes.
What happened that day?
Were you arrested?
Charged for her murder,
assigned a lawyer?
She's gonna do it.
Thank you.
Come on in.
Let's...
not do the whole
apology thing.
Let's forget we ever
said anything
and just go out for a nice meal
or something.
[ Sobs ]
What?
[ Sighs ]
The baby.
Is something wrong?
No.
Not with it.
With me.
[ Sniffles ]
Miscarriages were easier,
you know,
because I didn't have to worry,
but now this.
He wants to live,
and I...
[ Sighs ]
I'm not ready.
I don't think I'm ready.
You are going to be
a great mother.
I don't know that.
Why wouldn't you be?
You've kicked the ass of every
other challenge in your life.
Your childhood, Harvard...
lesbianism.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Breathes deeply ]
You can always
give him away.
If it turns out you don't like
the whole parenting thing,
there are tons of people
who really want a baby
I want a baby.
Good.
It means you're ready.
[ Sniffles ]
Laurel: Do you really not care
where he is?
Laurel,
I won't say it again.
Is it because you had
something to do
with his mother
being killed?
What did I say?
There is a reason why you are
not telling him the truth.
Wes: Maybe someone
hid the evidence.
-Who?
-I don't know.
Someone who wanted
to protect me.
No one would do that.
Besides,
you told me yourself
you remembered coming home
from school
that day
to find your mom.
You told me that
in our first session.
Yeah, well,
there's other things
I've done I haven't
told you about.
What does that mean?
I know what you
and Frank do to people.
What do we do?
Tell me.
[ Sighs ]
You know.
Why don't you say it?
Say it.
Or are you just upset
because we cover up murders
to save your asses
again and again,
and this is what you call
a thank you?
All I'm asking you to do
is to talk to him,
make him come here.
Otherwise he could get hurt
or hurt himself
or say too much.
But that's not
on me anymore.
[ Sniffles ]
It's on you.
Wes: I'm not the person
you think I am.
And I can't tell you what
that means or what I've done,
so don't ask me.
Just...
You need to believe me
when I say it's possible...
I could've killed her.
I don't want to leave.
Fe vit.
You said
everything was okay!
I lied, okay?
We're not safe here.
So help me pack.
Therapist: I'm not going to
push you to explain.
But I do want you to at least
consider the possibility
that you didn't do this,
that this is your brain
making things up.
Rose: We'll find a motel,
maybe one with a pool.
Then what?
We just live in a motel
for the rest of our lives?
No.
We'll --
we'll get a place,
nicer than any
we've had so far.
I just want to go home.
Stop this, okay?
I made up my mind.
Someday
you will understand,
but today, I need you
to listen to me.
Christophe,
come back here!
Christophe!
Melanie: You're tired
and upset and traumatized,
which is understandable.
But that doesn't mean
you had anything to do
with your mother's death.
You were a 12-year-old boy,
and your mother
was in the middle
of an extremely stressful
situation.
Which is why what you've been
told your whole life,
that this was a suicide,
makes a lot of sense here.
Much more than
her getting murdered.
Christophe: Mom?
[ Gagging ]
Mommy!
No.
Mommy, please!
[ Crying ]
What happened?!
Mommy, no!
What now?
You want to show me
where you offed Rebecca?
Stop, please.
There was a reason
it took me so long
to tell you,
'cause I didn't know
where we stood,
but I do now.
Or at least
I know what I feel.
I love you, Laurel.
I thought
I was gonna lose you,
and it made me sick,
so I told you the thing
I haven't told anyone.
Which proves
you love me?
When you're as screwed up
as me...yeah.
Please, Laurel,
I don't know a lot,
but I love you.
You killed
an innocent girl.
Strangled her on a roof.
And for what?
To make Annalise happy?
Do you think that's the type
of person I want to love me?
It's not.
And the truth is,
I don't love you back.
[ Sniffles ]
So, we're done.
It's over.
And I won't
tell anyone else --
not to protect you,
but to protect them.
[ Sniffles ]
'Cause if they knew
any of this,
after everything
we've been through,
I can't do that
to them, Frank.
Christophe: Mom?
Mommy!
No.
Mommy, please!
What happened?!
I want a baby.
Good.
It means you're ready.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Is it Sam?
[ Sighs ] I wish.
I presume you're aware that our
witness is no longer in custody?
She'll be on the stand tomorrow
as promised.
She tried to leave town.
Glad one of us
is paying attention.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, she's back
at her apartment.
I'll go there right now.
Hold on.
I understand if you think
that I am a...
bad person.
I'm just a parent...
trying to protect my son.
Any minute now, you'll be doing
the same for your child.
Tell Rose that if she wants
to protect her son...
then she also needs
to protect mine.
You touch that boy,
and I guarantee you
Charles goes to jail.
Well, let's hope
we don't get there.
[ Sighs ]
Wes?
It's me, Annalise.
I want to talk.
I thought
you were Christophe.
He's not here?
No.
We were in the car.
I was driving.
He just ran.
I can't call anyone or they'll
take him away from me.
The won't do that.
Your lady threatened
they would.
She didn't mean that.
I'm sorry I dragged you
into this.
And I hate that I did that,
but that's in the past.
You're involved now, and so am
I, and these people --
Yeah, I know these people.
Then you know you need to do
this for Christophe.
What did he say to you?
Mr. Mahoney.
Did he threaten Christophe?
Yes.
You tell him no.
Listen.
I am not on their side.
But I will protect you
if you do this.
You can't.
Yeah, I can.
You don't know what that man
is capable of.
What do you mean?
Rose, tell me.
It's too late.
No, Rose.
[ Knock on door ]
Wes, please,
I-I know you're in there
because I can see
the light on.
Wes?
He doesn't own me
or Christophe.
We are not things to be owned
and used and thrown away.
I was born free,
I will stay free --
so will Christophe!
You tell him that.
Okay. I will.
[ Cries ]
There's no reason
to hurt him now.
What do you mean?
Take care of my boy.
Rose, no!
Tear it from my heart again
[ Gasps ]
[ Rose gagging ]
Rose!
Tear it from my heart
[ Panting ]
[ Gagging ]
Tear it from my heart
Tear it from my heart again
[ Gasping ]
[ Choking ]
Tear it from my heart
Tear it from my heart again
Heart again
[ Floor creaking ]
[ Panting ]
[ Door closes ]
And time,
it heals like the wine
I'll go and fill my cup
and then
Tear it from my heart
Mom?
Mommy!
Tear it from my heart
What happened?!
[ Crying ] I'm sorry.
No.
Tear it from my heart again
What happened?!
[ Crying ] Mommy, no.
[ Sobbing ] Mom! No!
Tear it from my heart
[ Gagging ]
Mom. [ Sobs ]
Tear it from my heart again
Heart again
Wes?
I'm gonna come in now,
all right?
Heart again
Wes?
[ Sighs ]
[ Gagging ]
[ Dialing ]
Woman: 911.
What's your emergency?
Something bad happened.
Tear it from my heart
[ Gagging ]
The ventricles
you pulled apart
You don't have to hide
from me.
Simply to see
where the blood would flow
And you hold the pieces
of my beating heart
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Sighs ]
As I open my arms
to the depths below
Now is not a good time.
-I don't care.
-Eve.
-Wes is here.
What?
I just came home
from a date,
and he was waiting
in my lobby.
He found my name on his mother's
immigration documents,
and he wants to know
how I know her.
Call 911.
What?
There's someone
in Wes' apartment!
Aah!
[ Grunting ]
Tear it from my heart again